Hello,

Thank you for your efforts to follow our guidelines. There are some outstanding issues that still need your attention.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: e763fbeb-34fc-4f94-8d82-25ac46936d8a
Review date: May 03, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (36)

Guideline 3.1.2(c) - Business - Payments - Subscriptions
Issue Description

The submission did not include all the required information for apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions.

The following information needs to be included in the App Store metadata:

- A functional link to the Terms of Use (EULA). If you are using the standard Apple Terms of Use (EULA), include a link to the Terms of Use in the App Description. If you are using a custom EULA, add it in App Store Connect.

Next Steps

Update the App Store metadata to include the information specified above.

Once the app and metadata includes all of the required information, or if they already do, reply to this message with a screen recording to confirm. Include this information in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

Resources

Apps offering auto-renewable subscriptions must include all of the following required information in the app itself:

- Title of auto-renewing subscription (this may be the same as the In-App Purchase product name)
- Length of subscription
- Price of subscription, and price per unit if appropriate
- Functional links to the privacy policy and Terms of Use (EULA)

The app metadata must also include functional links to the privacy policy in the Privacy Policy field in App Store Connect and the Terms of Use (EULA) in the App Description or EULA field in App Store Connect.

Review Schedule 2 of the Apple Developer Program License Agreement to learn more.
Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: after we signed in, no buttons were responsive

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.4.2
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Resources

- For information about testing apps and preparing them for review, see Testing a Release Build.
- To learn about troubleshooting networking issues, see Networking Overview.